AWESOME NEW REDESIGN!

We’ve redesigned the app to have lots of great new features, including:

SPOTLIGHT SEARCH

Now you can spotlight search for all of your tasks!

TASK FILTERING

Now you can filter your tasks with the tap of a finger, to only show Due Dailies, Weak Habits, Dated To-Dos, etc. 

EASY-TO-READ STREAKS

Now you can see if a task has a streak at a glance, without having to tap on it!

SCROLLING HEADER

If you have many tasks, the header now scrolls off-screen to allow you an uninterrupted view of everything you need to do.

BRIGHTER COLORS AND VISUAL TWEAKS

We’ve revamped the colors and tweaked some designs to better fit with our new logo and brand!

MULTITASKING ON iPADS

Want to have your To-Do list in the background while you check your email? You can now use multitasking on iPads! 

PARTY MANAGEMENT

Now you can create and edit a Party, invite friends, or join someone else’s Party, all from the app!

MORE GEM TIERS

Now there are new tiers available to purchase gems, to offer more flexible price points. Thanks for supporting our app!

CLASS DISPLAY

Your current class is now listed in the header. Plus, all the classes now have a fancy icon!

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Confused? No problem! Go to “Help and FAQ” in the menu, and check out some of the answers to frequently asked questions.

NEW TUTORIAL

We’ve made a better tutorial to help guide new users through the app. Now Justin the Guide gives you a custom tour based on the tabs that you visit!

CUSTOMIZED TASKS

Now new users now have the option of selecting customized sample tasks so that it’s easier than ever to get started!

TRANSLATIONS

The app is now available in multiple languages! Many thanks to our amazing contributors for helping us to bring Habitica to new users.

ASSORTED BUG FIXES

In addition to all the new features, we’ve also squashed a bunch of bugs, including...
 - The ability to view completed To-Dos
 - The ability to filter multiple tags
 - Crashes, including problems with clearing the cache


WANT TO CONTRIBUTE?

Habitica is an open-source project, which means that anyone can contribute! If you're interested in helping us improve the app while earning gems and special armor, check out our Github here: https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitrpg-ios We can't wait to see what you'll contribute!

THANKS FOR USING OUR APP!

If you like the improvements that we’ve been making to our app, please consider reviewing this new version. It really helps us out! Every time a new review shows up, we get very excited and pass it all around to the team and use a lot of emoticons and exclamation points to express our feelings about it.

Although we read every single review, we can’t respond to them, so if you have any issues or questions, please email us at mobile@habitica.com or use the in-app bug report form under Menu > About > Report a Bug/Request a Feature. We read every single email, too, and have the significant advantage of being able to reply! It could be that the problem you’re having has a very easy fix, and we will be happy to help.

Until next time – adventure well!